chore: adding generateVAP field, removing annotations for vap (#3398)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: cmd/build/helmify/static/README.md

| emitAuditEvents                                            | Emit K8s events in configurable namespace for audit violations (alpha feature)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                               |
| enableK8sNativeValidation                                   | Enable the K8s Native Validating driver to create CEL-based rules  (alpha feature)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                               |

> | vapEnforcement                                              | Generate K8s Validating Admission Policy resource. Allowed values are false: do not generate unless generateVAP: true is added to policy explicitly, true: generate unless generateVAP: false is added to policy explicitly. (alpha feature)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vapEnforcement                                              | Generate K8s Validating Admission Policy resource. Allowed values are false: do not generate unless generateVAP: true is added to the constraint template explicitly, true: generate unless generateVAP: false is added to the constraint template explicitly. (beta feature)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                               |
```

alpha -> beta : per last week's community call, we decided we can move this feature to beta.

Author: done

> | vapEnforcement                                              | Generate K8s Validating Admission Policy resource. Allowed values are false: do not generate unless generateVAP: true is added to constraint template explicitly, true: generate unless generateVAP: false is added to constraint template explicitly. (beta feature)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: Beta or alpha?

I thought we were going beta with the language? May be misremembering the mtg where this was discussed.

Reviewer 2: I see Rita says beta, if it was settled in the mtg, fine, but I vaguely recall us saying the engine was beta, not the generation.

Author: I do remember we decided to move to `beta` but we probably need better wording around flag name and description to accratly indicate what it does.

Reviewer: You are right. lets update the feature as beta in the doc and keep the generation of vap flags as alpha.

Author: reverted back to `alpha`
